  Probably the most effective way to achieve paragraph unity is to express the central idea of the paragraph in a topic sentence.

Topic sentences are similar to mini thesis statements. Like a thesis statement, a topic sentence has a specific main point. Whereas the thesis is the main point of the essay, the topic sentence is the main point of the paragraph. Like the thesis statement, a topic sentence has a unifying function. But a thesis statement or topic sentence alone doesn’t guarantee unity. An essay is unified if all the paragraphs relate to the thesis, whereas a paragraph is unified if all the sentences relate to the topic sentence. Note: Not all paragraphs need topic sentences. In particular, opening and closing paragraphs, which serve different functions from body paragraphs, generally don’t have topic sentences.

In academic writing, the topic sentence nearly always works best at the beginning of a paragraph so that the reader knows what to expect:

    The embrace of Twitter by politicians and journalists has been one of its most notable features in recent years: for both groups the use of Twitter is becoming close to a requirement.

    —Paul Bernal, “A Defence of Responsible Tweeting”

This topic sentence forecasts the central idea or main point of the paragraph: “politicians” and “journalists” rely on Twitter. The rest of the paragraph will focus on these two Twitter-user groups, thereby fulfilling the promise made by the topic sentence. By avoiding irrelevant information that does not relate to the topic sentence, you can compose a unified paragraph.
  are calling for additional attention. When used, it can make your text designs very different from
   others and make it more vivid and attractive. 3D Blocky created by Luke Willian Turvey and Natsuko
    Hayashida is a typical 3d style font family, which is hand-drawn and consisting of friendly and fun
     letters. The font family contains basic Latin letters as well as Latin extended 
lorem
3D fonts are now seen more and more in our daily life. They are frequently seen especially in titles, s
logans, posters, etc. For example, the title text for the famous movies Indiana Jones and Superman were
 both designed in a 3d style. 3D fonts can be used for making posters, CD covers, flyers, brochures that
